Modify README.md and DeveloperGuide.md with simple use cases (#35)
AY2122S2-CS2103-F11-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `AddressBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

> **Use case: List all TA applicants**

Reviewer: Charmaine this part, could do this instead:

You might need to add a new commit :') I let you decide!

```
1.  User requests to list TAs
2.  TAlent Assistant™ shows all TAs

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list is empty.

    * 2a1. TAlent Assistant™ feedbacks no TAs in system

      Use case ends.
```

Author: Have made and committed the change! Thanks for the suggestion!

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list TA applicants
2.  TAlent Assistant™ shows the list of TA applicants

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. The list of TA applicants is empty
    * 2a1. TAlent Assistant™ displays a message to inform no TA applicants are in the list

    Use case ends.

**Use case: Add a TA**

**MSS**

> 1.  User requests to list TA applicants
> 2.  TAlent Assistant™ shows the list of TA applicants
> 3.  User requests to add a new TA to the list
> 4.  TAlent Assistant™ adds the new TA to the list and displays the added entry
> 
>     Use case ends.
> 
> **Extensions**
> 
> * 3a. The attribute fields added are invalid
>     * 3a1. TAlent Assistant™ shows an error message
> 
>     Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  User requests to add a TA
2.  TAlent Assistant™ requests for TA's details
3.  User inputs details
4.  TAlent Assistant™ adds the new TA

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 3a. The given format is invalid.

    * 3a1. AddressBook shows an error message.

      Use case resumes at step 2.
```

**Use case: Delete a TA**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to list TA applicants
2.  TAlent Assistant™ shows the list of TA applicants
3.  User requests to delete an existing TA from the list
4.  TAlent Assistant™ deletes the TA from the list and displays the deleted entry

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

> * 3a. The given index is invalid
>     * 3a1. TAlent Assistant™ shows an error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 3a. The given reference, i.e. Student Number, is invalid.

    * 3a1. TAlent Assistant™ shows an error message.
```

  Use case resumes at step 2.

> 

Reviewer: To beautify 💅🏻

```suggestion

<hr>

```

**Use case: Find TAs**

**MSS**

1.  User requests to find TAs containing a specific keyword
2.  TAlent Assistant™ returns list of TAs found with given keyword in specified attribute field

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 2a. No TA applicant entries contain the given keyword
    * 2a1. TAlent Assistant™ returns an empty list with zero search results

    Use case ends.

* 2b. The specified attribute field is invalid
    * 2b1. TAlent Assistant™ returns an error message

    Use case resumes at step 1.

> 

Reviewer: To beautify 💅🏻

```suggestion

<hr>

```

* **Mainstream OS**: Windows, Linux, Unix, OS-X
* **Private contact detail**: A contact detail that is not meant to be shared with others

> * **TA**: Teaching Assistant

Reviewer: Nice! Think @LeeEnEn en en's doing this portion, seeing what he can add on.
